1.  Hello, my name is Nikolay. I'm software engineer. 
2. I'm working on outsource company Itransition since 2016. Itransition helps large, medium-sized companies and startups to design, develop and evolve software.
3. Currently I am developing pharmaceutical business intelligence application programming interface(API) system for big pharma partners such as bayer, physer and astrazenica that can be easily integrate in custom services. We are using up-to-date technologies to provide high performance such as Microsoft .Net Core, Amazon Web Services and ElasticSearch
4. Every business day I arrive at the office by public transport.
5. At work, I constantly solve logical problems. This process takes place in my head. It happens all the time, even when I'm not at work. Sometimes, I come across seemingly unsolvable situations, in this case it is very important not to despair, as there was not yet such a way out. The best solution is to take a break get some fresh air, drink coffee or temporarily switch to another task.
6. I love work. I like to solve interesting and not standard tasks which never happen again. it allows me to grow technically. I am glad that I can share experience with real professionals in my business. I really appreciate this opportunity, because today it is very difficult to find real specialists. I really like that I have the opportunity to talk with foreign colleagues, to understand what they think, what their interests are. I work with the British, I admire their culture and politeness. At work, you need to think everything over when a new task from the business side comes in, you need to conduct a brainstorm process so that ill-considered moments do not turn into a problem in the future.
7. At work, I use a variety of software products to eliminate the bugs and implement features I like use products from Jetbrains and also preferred opensource solutions such as git. Sometimes I develop my own products to make engineer life easier. It takes time, but it's worth it.